Hey
Brother, you are amazing
Since I really got the Hou family invitation
Didn't you get it too?
I'm different.
I have elders in the family.
An invitation only if it has something to do with the Hou family
So you are from the Hu family
Distant relative dad
I just saw
You seem to have come in with Mr. Sheng
Why don't you go and make the main table with him?
I don't like the people at that table very much
I don't believe in anyone who can be the master table and hasn't done it yet
It's not a good habit to brag, little brother.
Red grandma
work
Yuguang wishes you happiness and longevity
Good luck
Lu Xinwang wishes you all the best.
Every year there is today
Okay, okay, everyone, sit down.
Then let me start first
Mr. Hou
This is a century-old wild ginseng from Changbai Mountain in Northeast China.
I especially dedicate it to you
I wish you all the best.
Shoubinan Mountain